Who is he? Can't you see?
Of course I'm his landlord
What's wrong with your leg?
Forget about the sprain
But you, the great painter, invited me
I have to overcome any difficulties, right?
What a great painter
Who is this?
This beauty
Under Liu Xiong, the vice president of the Calligraphy and Painting Association officially added
I've been looking forward to it for a long time
The son of the vice president of the calligraphy association
Use Mr. Yunmo's paintings for blind dates
Anyway, you have to paint the original to say it
kid
I think you are not from this circle
Another quiet friend
Let me tell you something.
Don't talk nonsense if you don't understand
I really don't understand.
This
Destruction can also be inlaid with gold
Hmph, you don't know that, do you?
Fossil holy works are precious
But the handed down work is not the hem bound
Master Yu Mo
The dragon sees the head but not the tail.
His painting skills are even more amazing
If you put it before
I'm afraid the position of painting saint has already overflowed
Not to mention kissing
Take Master Yunmo as your goal
You're absolutely right.
Just you.
That old guy who nobody wants is a babysitter
Not you.
Master Chu Feng Yumo is my idol
You are not allowed to slander him like that
Did you hear that?
The bumpkin has no knowledge
It's not stupid to want to hit people
Hey Qiuwan
I also invited friends today.
Let's introduce this together
When they are done introducing
This painting is for you